You always loved the colors and the detail, so heres mineSnuck out down at dark seventeeth street late last nighttook my little orange booklamp and the notebook with the stars on the front, the sleeping bag that my ex gave to me to keep me warm, and a black fountain pen to write the words that was too late to say out loudand my eyes turned green, like they do when I'm cryingand my heart, it went to blue cause you told me that I might not be what you need, you want to try more outbut you're the only thing I can't stop thinking aboutyeah I.. like you.. alotand I think it's worse than thatSo you love it when all the words in the song move really fast so your ears have to choose just one little phrase to hold ontoAnd you love it when all the chords are really simple so you can play it on the guitar, and when it goes all funny at the end you like that tooAnd so I'll build you a song, and I know you're gunna love itbecause I'm putting in all the pieces that you said you wanted in itand I'm writing it here in my room in my underwear and an orange t-shirt, because I know you'd think that was hotyeah, hot, like that day that you called sick for workbecause we'd stay out too late at the cheesecake factory the night beforeand we held hands on the beach, and I found that crab with a funny shelland you took a video of me holding it up by the newly-painted blue moteland you said I... like you... alotand I thought, "well, this couldn't get much better"You're so happy you met me when you did, because you were starting to think you didn't like peopleYou told me that when I moved out, I could still stay in your room for weeksAnd now I'm wondering if I imagined it, or if it was ever really therecause they say, even in magic nothing truely disapearsit just gets stuffed up in somebodies sleeve or behind their hand, or on top of their headyou forgot to keep your eye on it, you're looking down insteadso now, I'm the fool up on stage at the magic showsearching the depth for my card, while everyone laughs because they knowthat it's in plain sight to see, yeah it's stuck on your foreheadbut I can't think your mean, because I volunteered to be misleadyeah cause I... like you.. alotand I don't know what to do with it nowAnd I.. like you... alotI didn't think it would hurt this badI... like you... alotand we both know that it's worse than that