I need to let it all out, I guess now is the time.All these memories swirling around in my mind.I pray your proud of me and not mad at me bruv'.I miss you. You know our whole family does.Was it misadventure? Was it? Or was it suicide?Sitting here wondering the what, where's, who's and why's.Life is like a train ticket, headed one way.Guess we all got to get off this train someday.There's no happy ending, nothing's simple when you die.The times you came close God was giving you a ply.You're my tears trickle in the middle of the night,You're my smile! You're the little twinkle in my eye.Every step I take, every verse I write,I remember the days when you where in my life.And I wonder, maybe I should feel worse?Cos' I doubt I'd appreciate you now if you still were...You always had to be the first. To get yours...And your ever after!And you'd sell the Universe. To get yours...And your ever after!This is what is sounds like when my heart bleeds and my soul weeps.Me crying? that's something that you won't see!Not my fam', not my friends, no, nobody!It might sound so lonely, but that's only meSometimes I wonder is this how I supposed to be?When you die, is that when you're supposed to leave?If you go, without fulfilling your hope & dreams,Then really and truly is your soul in peace?I hear theories and laugh cos' they aren't true.What goes around comes around, karma is harmful!Always tell my mum I Love her after we argue.I find myself gazing at the stars in dark mood.The day you past love hit my heart like a harpoon.There's so many things I really wanna' ask you,They say you'd forgive me, that's something that they can't prove.I see you in the mirror, while I'm standing in the bathroom!You always had to be the first. To get yours...And your ever after!And you'd sell the Universe. To. Get. Yours...And your ever after!Don't worry if you can't relate.Cos' one day you'll see a space that you can't replace.When you realize real life is hard to take.And the present is a gift it's not smart to waste.You might feel a feeling that causes you're heart to change.When you walk with a memory that's scarred and stained.It's hard to contain and bars just can't explain.Tell people you love, you love them, just start today!'Cos when it's said and done, from the truth you can never run.No regrets now, before you die you gonna get you some!Every time a life starts, another death will come.It don't discriminate, it affects any and everyone!When you hear them say life is short, they aren't wrong.One day we'll be in the past tense and far gone.For the minute I live it to the limit,And our song is dedicated to all people we love that past on!You always had to be the first. To get yours...And your ever afters!And you'd sell the Universe. To. Get. Yours...And your ever afters!You always had to be the first. To get yours...And your ever after!And you'd sell the Universe. To get yours...And your ever after!