Meet Eddie, 23 years old.Fed up with life and the way things are going, he decides to rob a liquor store.(I can't take this no more. I can't take it no more, homes.)But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart.And suddenly, his conscience comes into play.Alright, stop! (Huh?) Now before you walk in the doorOf this liquor store and try to get money out the drawerYou'd better think of the consequence(But who are you?) I'm your motherfuckin' conscience.That's nonsense.Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribsAnd borrow a damn dress and one of her blonde wigs. (Can I borrow this?)Tell her you need a place to stay, you'll be safe for daysIf you shave your legs with Renee's razor bladesYeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed toThe whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you.Think about it, before you walk in the door first.Look at the store clerk, she's older then George Burns.Fuck that. Do that shit. Shoot that bitch.Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich?Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch?Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids?Man, don't do it. It's not worth it to risk it. (You're right.)Not over this shit. (Stop!)Drop the biscuit. (I will!)Don't even listen to Slim, yo. He's bad for you.You know what, Dre? I don't like your attitude.(It's all right, c'mon, just come in here for a minute.)(Mmm, I don't know.)(Look, baby.)(Damn!)(Look, it's gonna be all right, right?)(Well, okay.)Meet Stan, 21 years old.After meeting a young girl at a rave party,Thing's start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom.Once again, his conscience comes into play.Now listen to me: while you're kissin' her cheekSmearin' her lipstick,I slip this in her drink.Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe...Yo, this girl's only 15 years old.You shouldn't take advantage of her, it's not fair.Yo, look at her bush. Does it got hair? (Uh-huh.)Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bareTill she passes out and she forgot how she got there.Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie?No, but I seen the porno with Son Doobiest!Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?Man, fuck that, hit that shit raw dawg and bail.(Hee. It feels good to be home.)Meet Grady, a 29 year old construction worker.After coming home from a hard day's work,He walks in the door of his trailer park homeTo find his wife in bed with another man.(What the fuck?!)(Grady!!)Alright, calm down. Relax, start breathin'.Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin'.While you at work, she's with some dude, tryin' to get off?Fuck slittin' her throat! Cut this bitch's head off!!Wait, what if there's an explanation for this shit?What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his dick?Alright, Shady.Maybe he's right, Grady.But think about the baby,Before you get all crazy.Okay! Thought about it. Still wanna stab her?Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap herThat's what I did. Be smart, don't be a retard.You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes!?What'd you say?What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember?Imma kill you, motherfucker!Ah-ah, temper, temper!Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.? Mr. AKComing straight outta Compton, y'all better make way?How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?'Cuz he don't need to go the same route that I went.Been there, done that.Aw, fuck it, what am I sayin'?Shoot 'em both, Grady, where's your gun at?*gunshots*