Haters call me "bitch"Call me "faggot", call me "whitey".But I am something you can never be. (Hey!)(Yeah yeah yeah)I won't look prettier if I smile for the picture.Motherfuckers never liked me then, And they sure won't like me now.Try to drag drag me down in your cliche.Your fake grin fits, your faker face, so I find all my pleasure in your misery. (Yeah!)(Yeah yeah yeah)I'll step on you on my way up.I'll step on you on my way down.I'll step on you on my way up.I'll step on you on my way down.Haters call me "bitch"Call me "faggot", call me "whitey".But I am something that you'll never be. (Hey!)Haters call me "bitch"Call me "faggot", call me "whitey".But I am something that you'll never be. (Hey!)I'll be your scapegoat, I'll be your savior.I'm the better of two evils. (Yeah yeah yeah)I'm the better of two evils. (Yeah yeah yeah)I'm the better of two evils.I want to hang all you cattleWith your VELVET ROPE.Motherfuckers step up and get intoAn orderly line.I'll show you how to make a muscle.Takes the strength to grin thanit does to spit on all you Paparazzi Nazis. (Yeah)(Yeah yeah yeah)I'll step on you on my way up.I'll fuckin' step on you on my way down.Haters call me "bitch"Call me "faggot", call me "whitey".But I am something that you'll never be. (Hey!)Haters call me "bitch"Call me "faggot", call me "whitey".But I am something that you'll never be. (Hey!)I'll be your scapegoat, I'll be your savior.I'm the better of two evils. (yeah yeah yeah)I'm the better of two evils. (yeah yeah yeah)I'm the better of two evils.Don't try to lead me to temptation.Don't try to lead me to temptation.Don't try to lead me to temptation.I've been delivered and I already know the way.(Hey!)Haters call me "bitch"Call me "faggot", call me "whitey".But I am something that you'll never be. (Hey!)Haters call me "bitch"Call me "faggot", call me "whitey".But I am something that you'll never be. (Hey!)I'll be your scapegoat, I'll be your savior.I'm the better of two evils. (Yeah yeah yeah)I'm the better of two evils. (Yeah yeah yeah)I'm the better of two evils. (Yeah yeah yeah)