Hmm....ha....hmmm..ha...hmm...ha...I like this....I like gasoline don't like electric when I go fast you need fuel injection,I know people talk about ozone protection, you think I'll give a damn when I can't get an erection?Like wearing fur, like eating meat, like eating fish, fuck the coral reef, fuck the police I like getting paid, l like shoplifting, like getting laid.Like stealing liquor from my neighbour's cabinet. I like getting drunk, smokin' cigarettes.I like freakin' out causin' a scene, I like acting out, like being Green. I like not knowin' where I'm supposed to be.I like sneakin' in to avoid the fee, I like being young, fuck being old, I like writing rhymes and acting like an asshole.[Chorus:]I-I like I-Iike I like to write rhymes and act like an asshole.I-I like I-Iike I like to write rhymes and act like an asshole.I-I like I-Iike I like to write rhymes and act like an asshole.I-I like I-Iike I like to write rhymes and act like an asshole.Check it(I like to write rhymes and act like an asshole)Alright, I go to fat burger, then I come back, sometimes I rhyme slow but never rhyme whack.And Jeremy Klein likes bitches and saki, like to keep drinkin' til I feel crappy.Like skateboarding even though I'm old, I like to write rhymes and act like an asshole.I like hiding in the plants at the shopping mall, I like making a deal like Monty Hall.I like taking a walk with my dogs, I like checking the bitches, I mean the dogs.I like the Flintstones livin' in Bedrock, I went to Portland, I saw a Saquatch. Lookin' at my goochie, it's a fake watch.Yo Kobe, she shoulda said stop. I like being dope and not a sucker, I like George Bush blowin' up them motherfuckers.I like bottle rockets, like fire crackers, like chicken fingers, like Big Mackers, I like runnin' my mouth and talk a lot shit, and if you don't like it my bum is on ya lipsI like sellin' out and takin' all the cash, I drive a sports car real fuckin' fast, I'm getting sucked into a black hole, I like writing rhymes acting like an asshole[Chorus]Check it.I like kids in Kansas playing with stun guns, I like MTV playing my reruns. Like finding money in the taxi cab, I like kicking cancer in the motherfucking ass.I like people getting famous over night and getting bent, Cameron Diaz acting like she president, walkin' around acting all sweetbut she won't sign an autograph for kids on the street (Huh). I like watching EZ Mike make beats, I like dropping rhymes and making people freak,I like cupping the mic in my right palm, I like watching other peoples' movies bomb. I like talking with my mom on the phone,my dad only talks when she's not home. I like eating Chinese food with a fork i like writing rhymes and acting like a dork. (Ha)[Chorus]I-I like, I-I like...