(Gabriel:)Where do I go?Never had a very real dream before.Now I got a vision of an open door.Guiding me home, where I belong,dreamland I have come.Oh oh where do I go? Oh yeah yeah...Never had a flesh and blood like this before.Got a new appearance when I passed the door.Is it a dream I am within? Oh what is going on?Down, down, downGo down, go down, go downI roam into nowhere.Don't see an end: eternal wastelands.And I hear the voice, the voice, the voice, the voice...Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah...Never been a fighter, never been a man.But I must help Vandroiy, he's my only friend.Nowhere to go but I know that he knows howwe will get her out...Magic of transcendencebrought me to this placeVandroiy in reality lead me on my race.Told me to bring back the sealbut still I don't know where I shall go.(Lugaid:)Can't you 'feel' the voice?You don't have a choice.What a kind of life:Freedom in flesh - shackles on your mind...Go all the way to the tower!Find out the secrets behind!Go all the way to the tower!For all the wisdom of ages doesn't die.(Elderane:)Men have good intentionson their way to the light.But some of them are venaland end up in the night.Maybe it's better for you, mankind,not to know what's going on.(Gabriel:)Sometimes we must goWays that seem to be wrong.What a kind of life: Freedom in flesh,shackles on your mind...(Lugaid:)Go all the way to the tower!Find out the secrets behind!Go all the way to the tower!Find out the name of the onewho reigns from inside. Ah...(voice in the tower:)You have come the long way trough agesto bring me the seven parts of the seal.So now throw it over the walls of the tower.Throw the seal!(Pope:)But first Godfather, what about the prophecy? Whatabout your reward: The ultimate illumination, thegnosis and the power to defend your kingdom onearth with a strong hand? What about the prophecy?(Lugaid:)I realize...I realize...(all:)For the glory, for the glory, for the glory,For the glory. Oh - what is going on?For the glory, for the glory, for the glory,For the glory. Oh - what is going on?For the glory, for the glory, for the glory,For the glory. Oh - what is going on?For the glory, for the glory, for the glory,For the glory. Oh - what is going on?(Solo: Jens)(Lugaid:)Gabriel I can feel:You have it back - book and seal!Still no war is won, we have just begun...Go all the way to the tower!Long for the secrets behind!Go all the way to the tower!Found out the name of the onewho reigns from inside.Go all the way to the tower!Long for the secrets behind!Go all the way to the tower!Found out the name of the one.Of the one...(Jakob:)Oh, how could the stranger steal the seal away?Was it my fault? Or was it no one's fault at all?At all...